A retail company wants to update its customer support system. 
The company wants to implement automatic routing of customer claims to different queues to prioritize the claims by category.
Currently, an operator manually performs the category assignment and routing. 
After the operator classifies and routes the claim, the company stores the claim's record in a central database. 
The claim's record includes the claim's category.
The company has no data science team or experience in the field of machine learning (ML). 
The company's small development team needs a solution that requires no ML expertise.
Which solution meets these requirements?

A. Export the database to a .csv file with two columns: claim_label and claim_text. Use the Amazon SageMaker Object2Vec algorithm and the .csv file to train a model. Use SageMaker to deploy the model to an inference endpoint. Develop a service in the application to use the inference endpoint to process incoming claims, predict the labels, and route the claims to the appropriate queue.

B. Export the database to a .csv file with one column: claim_text. Use the Amazon SageMaker Latent Dirichlet Allocation (LDA) algorithm and the .csv file to train a model. Use the LDA algorithm to detect labels automatically. Use SageMaker to deploy the model to an inference endpoint. Develop a service in the application to use the inference endpoint to process incoming claims, predict the labels, and route the claims to the appropriate queue.

C. Use Amazon Textract to process the database and automatically detect two columns: claim_label and claim_text. Use Amazon Comprehend custom classification and the extracted information to train the custom classifier. Develop a service in the application to use the Amazon Comprehend API to process incoming claims, predict the labels, and route the claims to the appropriate queue.

D. Export the database to a .csv file with two columns: claim_label and claim_text. Use Amazon Comprehend custom classification and the .csv file to train the custom classifier. Develop a service in the application to use the Amazon Comprehend API to process incoming claims, predict the labels, and route the claims to the appropriate queue.